Require latest Z3 by default and allow relaxing the requirement with `STRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF` (#11873)
ethereum/solidity: CMakeLists.txt

include(EthOptions)
configure_project(TESTS)
set(LATEST_Z3_VERSION "4.8.12")

> if (TESTS AND NOT EMSCRIPTEN)

Reviewer: Why `NOT EMSCRIPTEN`? Does this break the emscripten build?

Author: I just add this because we add `tests` folder with that condition; if we don't build `test` directory  we don't need the latest version of z3.

Reviewer: ok. It's good then. Perhaps `EMSCRIPTEN=ON`+ `TEST=ON` should just be an error but if it isn't then I guess this condition makes sense.

I'd just add a comment above the condition explaining this: "NOTE: With EMSCRIPTEN=ON we do not build code from test/ dir and that code is our only reason to require latest Z3."

Author: OK, I'll add the comment to make it clear.

>   find_package(Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} REQUIRED)

Reviewer: Won't `REQUIRED` cause an error if you don't have Z3 installed at all? We do want to support people without Z3. It's just that if it's installed, you need specifically 4.8.12.

Author: > It's just that older versions are acceptable for `solc` but not `soltest` and for such versions you should be able to build just `solc` successfully but building `soltest` should error out.

yeah, that's what you told me earlier.
Actually, I want to inform users to disable TESTS

Reviewer: ok, I meant that building `soltest` should error out with older Z3. But without Z3 (or with `-DUSE_Z3=OFF`) it should still build.

Author: you only want to print a warning and build the tests even when we don't have latest z3. so I'll remove `REQUIRED`.

Reviewer: Ah, I see where the problem is. I thought that with older Z3 installed cmake would report an error even without `REQUIRED` and that the only thing that `REQUIRED` changed was the case where Z3 is not installed at all. But looks like I was wrong. It continues and just does not use the older version.

What I wanted to achieve is this:
- With `TEST=OFF`
    - Z3 missing -> continue without Z3
    - Z3 < 4.8.0 -> error (but looks like currently it continues without Z3 so it's fine to leave it at that)
- With `TEST=ON`
    - Z3 missing -> continue without Z3
    - Z3 < 4.8.12 -> error

Reviewer: I think that in the `TEST=ON` + Z3 < 4.8.12 case printing a warning and continuing without Z3 would be fine. But we should not report an error just because Z3 is not installed. It's not required to run tests.

Author: with `REQUIRED` :
> * With `TEST=ON`
>   * Z3 < 4.8.12 -> error

without `REQUIRED` :
* With `TEST=ON`
   * Z3 < 4.8.12 -> continue without Z3 and print a warning

I like the `REQUIRED` version because it is more clear to me. but it is a problem because it will change the default behavior. b_win is an example. I guess we have a lot of users that build solidity without z3 and without `TEST=OFF`.

Reviewer: So how about this: use `find_package()` with 4.8.0 as a requirement in all cases. But then use `if`s to check if "tests are enabled" + "Z3 was found"  + "Z3 version is not 4.8.12". If all of these are true, manually report an error.

I think this would handle missing Z3 well and still give us an error if Z3 is installed.

Author: good idea

>   find_package(Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} REQUIRED)

Reviewer: I'd use `EXACT` here because tests will likely fail on a newer version too when it's released.

Author: I'll fix it

  if (NOT ${Z3_FOUND})

>     message(WARNING "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\
>                    \nuse -DTESTS=OFF, if you want to use older version of z3")

Reviewer: I think that the whitespace before `\n` will be included in the message, which could make it wrap in a weird way on a very narrow terminal.

I'd indent and wrap it this way:
```suggestion
    message(
      WARNING
      "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
Build with -DTESTS=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3 and then use --no-smt when running tests."
    )
```

Author: good suggestion.

include(EthOptions)
configure_project(TESTS)
set(LATEST_Z3_VERSION "4.8.12")
find_package(Z3 4.8.0)
# NOTE: With EMSCRIPTEN=ON we do not build code from test/ dir and that
# code is our only reason to require latest Z3.
if (TESTS AND NOT EMSCRIPTEN)
  if (${Z3_FOUND})

>     if ( NOT ( "${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_EQUAL ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} ) )

Author: > Xxx_VERSION
The full version string of the package found, if any. Note that many existing modules provide Xxx_VERSION_STRING instead.

I tested Z3_VERSION and Z3_VERSION_STRING with different z3 packages that provided by ethereum ppa and ubuntu repo. The ubuntu version only provides  Z3_VERSION_STRING.

Reviewer: Let's use `Z3_VERSION_STRING` then. It seems to be the variable that [`Z3Config.cmake` generated by Z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3/blob/master/cmake/Z3Config.cmake.in) sets and our custom [`FindZ3.cmake`](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/develop/cmake/FindZ3.cmake) also sets that variable consistently, unlike `Z3_VERSION`, which it sets only when the stock find script manages to find Z3 on its own.

I actually don't know why we don't consistently set `Z3_VERSION`. Maybe @ekpyron could shed some light here - he added that part in #6891. I think the expectation might have been that it will be set automatically due to CMake's [project()](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/project.html) but then I don't understand why we set it when the stock script finds Z3 rather than in the opposite case.

> if (TESTS AND NOT EMSCRIPTEN)
>   if (${Z3_FOUND})
>     if ( NOT ( "${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_EQUAL ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} ) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if (
  TESTS AND
  NOT EMSCRIPTEN AND
  ${Z3_FOUND} AND
  NOT ("${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_EQUAL ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION})
)
```

Reviewer: Also, some variables are quoted, some are not.

Author: It seems Z3_VERSION and Z3_VERSION_STRING can be null even when z3 is found. so I quoted this variable to be more robust against any upcoming changes in z3's find module.
Other variables cannot be null.

      message(
        FATAL_ERROR
        "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\

> Build with -DTESTS=OFF if you want to use an older version. \

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's a valid suggestion and not having the latest z3 version, but wanting to run tests is a valid thing to do, so it is no reason for a fatal error (you most definitely should be able to run e.g. ``isoltest --no-smt`` if you don't have the latest Z3 version).

I would suggest to just issue a warning about the Z3 version to be too old for all tests to pass and leave it at that.

Reviewer 2: If we want to be more fancyful, we could set a flag ``OLD_Z3_VERSION`` and have ``soltest`` and ``isoltest`` error out on running themselves without ``--no-smt``.

Reviewer 2: The command line test change is independent of this here anyways, though, so maybe we should split this up into two separate PRs anyways, i.e. reduce this PR to only change the command line tests and then we can separately decide whether any of this should in fact be an error and if so, then how exactly.

Author: > I don't think that's a valid suggestion and not having the latest z3 version, but wanting to run tests is a valid thing to do, so it is no reason for a fatal error (you most definitely should be able to run e.g. `isoltest --no-smt` if you don't have the latest Z3 version).
> 
> I would suggest to just issue a warning about the Z3 version to be too old for all tests to pass and leave it at that.

whole point of this PR is to notify the user about the test's requirement to latest z3. I think its better to notify the user as soon as possible, we can change the `FATAL_ERROR` to `WARNING` here and also pass some flag to `soltest` and `isoltest` to error out as you said.

Author: > The command line test change is independent of this here anyways, though, so maybe we should split this up into two separate PRs anyways, i.e. reduce this PR to only change the command line tests and then we can separately decide whether any of this should in fact be an error and if so, then how exactly.

good idea, I'll create another PR for that.

Reviewer: > not having the latest z3 version, but wanting to run tests is a valid thing to do

Technically yes, but I think that we're better off forcing people to use a specific version of Z3 in this case. In the cases I've seen where we got reports from people getting test failures because of older Z3 they always wanted to run the full suite and were fine with updating Z3 but not with `--no-smt`. They simply did not know that the problems were due to Z3 version. I completely agree with @soroosh-sdi that an error at build stage makes the situation much clearer and easier to resolve on their own for these people.

I suspect that the set of people who care about tests but not Z3 tests and still want to built with Z3 is pretty small. I think that it's more likely that they either do not care about SMTChecker at all (and would be fine with `-DUSE_Z3=OFF`) or do not care about tests at all (and would be fine with `-DTESTS=OFF`).

> good idea, I'll create another PR for that.

Yeah, please create a separate PR for the `--no-smt` flag and rebase this one on top of it. The `--no-smt` change seems to be much less controversial so it'll likely go in without much discussion.

Reviewer: I discussed it with @ekpyron on the chat. Here are our conclusions:
1. A build-time check is not enough because you can build with Z3 linked dynamically and then the version used at build time does not matter - you can still get failing tests if you use such a binary with older dynanamic Z3 installed in your system. We need a runtime check in soltest/isoltest that prints an error when `--no-smt` is not used.
    - The build-time check against 4.8.0 is valid because it enforces a version that's still ABI-compatible. That's not the case with the check for latest version, which is rather arbitrary.
2. Turns out there are valid reasons to want older Z3. This changes my view on this check because I thought there's no reason not to always use the latest version. So we should support building with tests enabled and older Z3.
    - But we both agreed that we do not have to make that case the default. We're fine with making it even more stringent. We could require Z3 4.8.12 by default and just add a CMake option that allows the user to override it.
3. We do support `-DTESTS=OFF` but we do not want to encourage users to use it so this part should be removed from the warning.

@soroosh-sdi So here's my suggestion on how to proceed here:
- Create a separate PR for `--no-smt` and we can merge that right away.
- Modify this PR to add a CMake option called `STRICT_Z3_VERSION`.
    - It should be `ON` by default. When it's on, the requirement is **exactly** 4.8.12, otherwise **at least** 4.8.0. And it can be a general requirement, not just for tests (you can drop the `TESTS` check).
        - I think it's not a breaking change but probably should be mentioned in the changelog? @chriseth?
    - In both cases finding an older version should be an error. User should just use `-DUSE_Z3=OFF` if he wants to ignore the installed version. This will require adding back the change you had for Windows CI. This is different than the current behavior (older version right now is treated as if it was not installed at all) but I think it will be better because it's more explicit.
- Let's add the runtime check in `soltest`/`isoltest` in a new PR.

Reviewer: Also there's a question if we should still require 4.8.12 when building with dynamic Z3 (i.e. when `USE_Z3_DLOPEN` is enabled). I think that an error in that case is still useful because the user is likely to still run tests in the same system that was used to build the compiler (even if the compiler executable will later be also used on other systems).

Reviewer 2: An interesting question is also what to do if the Z3 version is *too new* (i.e. we haven't yet updated to the latest version or somebody uses a pre-release build from the git tree or somebody builds an old compiler version against more recent Z3). That's just as likely to break the tests as an older version is. So it should probably also require ``-DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF``.
EDIT: I just see that the PR already uses ``VERSION_EQUAL``, so that's indeed what we want - I'm just re-mentioning it since ``When it's on, the requirement is 4.8.12, otherwise 4.8.0`` is not completely clear in that the requirement will be ``exactly 4.8.12`` with the flag on and ``at least 4.8.0`` with the flag off.
EDIT: Ok, now it's perfectly clear ;-).

Reviewer: Yes. I agree. This is exactly why I did not name the option `OLD_Z3_VERSION` as you suggested above, but looks like I forgot to mention that the check for 4.8.12 should be an exact comparison. Thanks for pointing this out!

Reviewer: Description updated.

> You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3 and then use --no-smt when running tests.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3 and then use --no-smt when running tests."
      )
```

Author: done

>         "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
> Build with -DTESTS=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
> You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3 and then use --no-smt when running tests.")

Reviewer: So going with https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/11873#discussion_r706342315, we need to change it to:
```suggestion
        "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
If you want to build without Z3, pass -DUSE_Z3=OFF to cmake and later use --no-smt when running tests.\n\
If you are aware of potential issues and still want use a different Z3 version, use -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF to override this error."\
      )
```

Reviewer: Oh, this should also mention the `-DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION` flag. Suggestion updated.

Author: done

include(EthOptions)
configure_project(TESTS)
set(LATEST_Z3_VERSION "4.8.12")
if (${STRICT_Z3_VERSION})
    find_package(Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} EXACT)
    if (${USE_Z3} AND NOT ${Z3_FOUND})
      message(
        FATAL_ERROR
        "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3. In both cases use --no-smt when running tests."
            )
    endif()
else()

>     find_package(Z3 4.8.0 REQUIRED)

Reviewer: Well, we did not say we want an error with `STRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF` when Z3 is missing. Only that we want an error when it's present but too old.

But I'd personally be fine with this. Requiring `-DUSE_Z3=OFF` when you do not have Z3 seems reasonable to me. @leonardoalt what do you think?

Reviewer 3: Is that the default though?
I'd say it should work fine if there's no z3 available by default.

Reviewer: `-DUSE_Z3` is `ON` by default so without Z3 you would get an error unless you set it to `OFF`.

Author: > Well, we did not say we want an error with `STRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF` when Z3 is missing. Only that we want an error when it's present but too old.
> 
@cameel 
You're right, that way we would have two different behaviors in case of setting the `STRICT_Z3_VERSION` to off and on:
off :: if z3 is not installed we error out. If it's installed it must be ='4.8.12'
on :: if z3 is not installed it's ok. if it's installed it must be >='4.8.0'
So I implemented  it this way:
off :: if z3 is not installed we error out, If it's installed it must be ='4.8.12'
on :: if z3 is not installed we error out, if it's installed it must be >='4.8.0'

I see @leonardoalt  prefers the following:
off :: if z3 is not installed it's ok. If it's installed it must be ='4.8.12'
on :: if z3 is not installed it's ok. if it's installed it must be >='4.8.0'

I'm ok with the solution as long as we have same behavior when z3 is not installed in both cases of STRICT_Z3_VERSION is on or off.

Reviewer: There's still a problem with the current version:
```cmake
if (${STRICT_Z3_VERSION})
  find_package(Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} EXACT)
  if (${USE_Z3} AND NOT ${Z3_FOUND})
    message(
      WARNING
      "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3. In both cases use --no-smt when running tests."
          )
  endif()
else()
  find_package(Z3 4.8.0)
endif()
```

We actually have 3 cases, not 2 and I think that this code will not produce an error in cases 1.2 and 2.2 below:
1. `STRICT_Z3_VERSION=ON`
    1. Z3 not installed: OK or ERROR (I'm fine with both, @leonardoalt prefers OK)
    2. Z3 != 4.8.12: ERROR
    3. Z3 == 4.8.12: OK
2. `STRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF`
    1. Z3 not installed: OK or ERROR (I'm fine with both, @leonardoalt prefers OK)
    2. Z3 < 4.8.0: ERROR
    3. Z3 >= 4.8.0: OK

It will give us a warning in 1.2 but will still let us continue.

Author: I don't follow,  I didn't call find_package with `REQUIRED` so I think both cases 1.2 and 2.2 does not error out.
Maybe you thought find_package gives error by default, but it only gives error and stop the configuration process if we call it with `REQUIRED`.

> if (${STRICT_Z3_VERSION})
>     find_package(Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} EXACT)
>     if (${USE_Z3} AND NOT ${Z3_FOUND})
>       message(
>         FATAL_ERROR
>         "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
> Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
> You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3. In both cases use --no-smt when running tests."
>             )
>     endif()
> else()
>     find_package(Z3 4.8.0 REQUIRED)
> endif()

Reviewer: Indents are a bit off. This file uses 2 spaces so this code should too:

```suggestion
if (${STRICT_Z3_VERSION})
  find_package(Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} EXACT)
  if (${USE_Z3} AND NOT ${Z3_FOUND})
    message(
      FATAL_ERROR
        "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3. In both cases use --no-smt when running tests."
    )
  endif()
else()
  find_package(Z3 4.8.0 REQUIRED)
endif()
```
Though we should really reformat it with tabs to match our [style](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/develop/.editorconfig#L21-L23) at some point. 2 space indents are just awful for readability.

include(EthOptions)
configure_project(TESTS)
set(LATEST_Z3_VERSION "4.8.12")

> set(LOWEST_Z3_VERSION_SUPPORTED "4.8.0")

Reviewer: We could shorten this name a bit:
```suggestion
set(MINIMUM_Z3_VERSION "4.8.0")
```

Author: done

find_package(Z3)

> if (${USE_Z3} AND ${Z3_FOUND})

Reviewer: `find_package()` already checks `USE_Z3` so you can reduce this to:
```suggestion
if (${Z3_FOUND})
```

Author: done

  if (${STRICT_Z3_VERSION})
    if (NOT ("${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_EQUAL ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION}))
      message(

>         FATAL_ERROR

Reviewer 3: I'm afraid this might be too harsh but I'm also fine with it. We do warn if no solver is found so yea, fine.

        "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\

> Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \

Reviewer: This applies to newer versions as well:
```suggestion
Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use a different version. \
```

Author: done

>     if ( NOT ( "${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_EQUAL ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} ) )
>       message(
>         FATAL_ERROR
>         "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
> Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
> You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3. In both cases use --no-smt when running tests."
>             )

Reviewer: Our convention is to line up the closing parenthesis with the beginning of the line that contains the opening parenthesis. Not with the opening parenthesis itself. This makes it easier to see at what nesting level the current statement is. In this particular case the string content slightly breaks the flow but I think this makes it even more important to have it positioned properly:
```suggestion
    if (NOT ("${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_EQUAL ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION}))
      message(
        FATAL_ERROR
        "SMTChecker tests require Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION} for all tests to pass.\n\
Build with -DSTRICT_Z3_VERSION=OFF if you want to use an older version. \
You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3. In both cases use --no-smt when running tests."
      )
```
Same in the other message below.

Author: done

    endif()
  else()

>     if ( NOT ( "${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL ${LOWEST_Z3_VERSION_SUPPORTED} ) )

Reviewer: This could be more concise:
```suggestion
    if ("${Z3_VERSION_STRING}" VERSION_LESS ${LOWEST_Z3_VERSION_SUPPORTED}))
```

Author: done

>       message(
>         FATAL_ERROR
>         "Solidity requires Z3 ${MINIMUM_Z3_VERSION} or newer. You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3."
>              )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      message(
        FATAL_ERROR
        "Solidity requires Z3 ${MINIMUM_Z3_VERSION} or newer. You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3."
      )
```

Author: done

>         "Solidity requires Z3 ${LOWEST_Z3_VERSION_SUPPORTED} or greater. You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Solidity requires Z3 ${LOWEST_Z3_VERSION_SUPPORTED} or newer. You can also use -DUSE_Z3=OFF to build without Z3."
```

Author: done

elseif (${Z3_FOUND})
  add_definitions(-DHAVE_Z3)
  message("Z3 SMT solver found. This enables optional SMT checking with Z3.")
  if (TESTS AND NOT EMSCRIPTEN)
    if ("${Z3_VERSION}" VERSION_LESS "4.8.12.0")

>       message(WARNING "SMT tests need Z3 4.8.12 or higher, SMT tests are expected to fail!")

Reviewer: It's not `Z3 4.8.12 or higher`. It's exactly 4.8.12. Newer versions won't work either.

```suggestion
      message(WARNING "SMTChecker tests require Z3 4.8.12 for all tests to pass. When using an older Z3 version you will need to use the --no-smt flag.")
```

Author: > No, it's not like that. We don't want to support building with multiple versions. It's just that older versions are acceptable for `solc` but not `soltest` and for such versions you should be able to build just `solc` successfully but building `soltest` should error out.

I guess we can do that
```
if (TESTS AND NOT EMSCRIPTEN)
  finde_package(Z3,  4.8.12)
else
  finde_package(Z3,  4.8.0)
endif()
```

also I need to print an informative error message

Author: done

>     if ("${Z3_VERSION}" VERSION_LESS "4.8.12.0")
>       message(WARNING "SMT tests need Z3 4.8.12 or higher, SMT tests are expected to fail!")

Reviewer: Could you add a variable/constant for the required Z3 version?
```suggestion
    if ("${Z3_VERSION}" VERSION_LESS ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION})
      message(WARNING "SMT tests need Z3 ${LATEST_Z3_VERSION}, SMT tests are expected to fail!")
```

Author: done

elseif (${Z3_FOUND})
  add_definitions(-DHAVE_Z3)
  message("Z3 SMT solver found. This enables optional SMT checking with Z3.")
  if("${Z3_VERSION}" VERSION_LESS "4.8.12.0")

> 	message(WARNING "SMT tests need Z3 4.8.12 or higher, SMT tests are expected to fail!")

Reviewer 4: missing indentation here

Reviewer 4: Ah, not missing, just used TABS when it's spaces.

Author: indentation for the line 91 looks good, but I used tab I will change it to 4 spaces.
and I should add a space after `if`

>   endif()

Reviewer: Not sure if we want this warning in a general case. In the PR I mentioned a warning that would be issued only when your build includes `isoltest` and only if you have older Z3 installed but disabled with `-DUSE_Z3=OFF`.

@leonardoalt What do you think? Are we fine with a broad warning like this one?

Author: I can make it more precise and print the warning if TESTS are ON.

Reviewer 3: @cameel Sorry I missed your message. Yea I think you're right that we shouldn't output this in the general case. I'll take a look at the current code.

Reviewer: @leonardoalt What do you think about what @soroosh-sdi proposed in https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/11873#issuecomment-913024021?

I think that's actually pretty neat. I thought we'll have to make it depend on build targets but that actually solves the problem without too much magic.

~@soroosh-sdi One thing I'd change is that the warning should only be printed if the library is not found. `TESTS` is enabled by default so otherwise we'll always be seeing it.~ **EDIT**: I just realized that it's doing exactly that. Great!

Reviewer 3: Yea I think that sounds good too. We only have to update that a couple times a year, so the benefit is bigger than the overhead I'd say.
